CAM Terrafrom supports 2 additional providers (#2801)
CenturyLinkCloud/PublicKB: Cloud Application Manager/Automating Deployments/terraform-template-box.md

{{{ "title": "Terraform Template Boxes",
"date": "06-26-2019",
"author": "Cristina Torres, Amalia Garcia de Mirasierra",
"attachments": [],
"contentIsHTML": false,
"keywords": ["terraform", "template box", "cloud application manager", "cam", "alm", "application lifecycle management"]
}}}
**In this article:**

> * [Overview](#Overview)

Reviewer: Hey Denes, I guess the links need to have all lowercase to work

> }}}

Reviewer: Please, update metadata values (date, author)

Author: Date updated.
I don't want to take authorship 3 lines of text.

**In this article:**

> - [Overview](#overview)

Reviewer: Please, keep the asterisks for the ToC bullet points

- [Audience](#audience)
- [Prerequisites](#prerequisites)
- [Create a Terraform Template and apply configuration](#create-a-terraform-template-and-apply-configuration)
- [Update a Terraform configuration in Real-Time](#update-a-terraform-configuration-in-real-time)

> - [Contacting Cloud Application Manager Support](#contacting-cloud-application-manager-support)

Reviewer: Why you changed this one? Now there are two supports, and no bindings section

Author: Hola Guillermo,

I use Visual Studio Code to edit Knowledge Base articles. The only reason I use it is that it has a TOC generation plugin. I regenerate the TOC every time I modify a document, to make sure it is accurate. (Now I've managed to set up TOC formatting correctly.)

After digging in the history, it seems that someone forgot to update TOC some time ago. There is no section about bindings in upstream/master.

-  Do you want me to remove the "Contaction Cloud Application Manager Support" section from the article?

- Which file serves as a standard example to copy headers, overview, audience, prerequisites and support sections from?

Thank you.

Reviewer: Hola @DenesPal,

Yes, you need to configure the plugin options to specify the ToC bullet points symbol to be used. There is another plugin that I use that is a sort of lint for MarkDown, which notifies you of some of these formatting issues.

Regarding the section, @EfrenRey may confirm if the bindings section was required (although it had no content, so it should be added), or if it was just added but not required). Additionally Denes, I saw that with your change there were two support sections, which I think that you have already fixed. Thanks. @EfrenRey, could you confirm if we need to document the bindings support for Terraform? Thanks!

Author: I've removed old support section now.

### Prerequisites

* An active *Cloud Application Manager* account

> * Having configured a provider with type of either

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Having configured a provider of either one of these types:
```

>   * [AWS](../Deploying Anywhere/using-your-aws-account.md)

Reviewer: You can use "-" for second level bullet points

  * [Microsoft Azure](../Deploying Anywhere/using-microsoft-azure.md)
  * [Google Cloud](../Deploying Anywhere/using-google-cloud.md)
  * [CenturyLink Cloud](../Deploying Anywhere/using-centurylink-cloud.md)
  * [CenturyLink Private Cloud on VMware Cloud Foundation](../Deploying Anywhere/using-private-cloud-on-vmware-cloud-foundation.md)
  * [VMware vCenter/vSphere](../Deploying Anywhere/using-the-vmware-vcenter-private-datacenter.md)
  * [VMware vCloud Director](../Deploying Anywhere/orchestrating-vcloud-air-vcloud-director-deployments.md)

### Create a Terraform Template and apply configuration

The Terraform Template box consists mainly on a list of template files where you describe all the cloud resources you need to run your application. Cloud Application Manager parses the templates and automatically shows input parameters under a section called Variables. This enables you to customize a template easily.

We use a sample Basic Two-Tier Architecture in Google Cloud with Terraform templates to show how to create and launch a Terraform box template in Cloud Application Manager.

> Cloud Application Manager supports Terraform configuration **version 0.11**.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Cloud Application Manager currently supports Terraform configuration **version 0.11**.
```

        * `ssh-keys = "root:${file("${var.public_key_file}")}"`
        * `source = "${var.install_script}"`

    * Deployment policy configuration as variables: When a Terraform box is deployed on Google or Amazon provider, the location selected on the Policy box is available as Terraform variables to be used in templates:

        * Variables available on Google: `${var.provider_google_region}` and `${var.provider_google_zone}`
        * Variables available on Amazon: `${var.provider_aws_region}`

**Note:** As you’re authoring, it’s important to check that the template is valid. While Cloud Application Manager validates the correctness of format and the template syntax correctness, we can’t know whether resources specified are available in the provider used or whether property va

> lues of a resource are valid. For that level of checking, it’s best to test launch the Terraform box instance from Cloud Application Manager and refine the template in real-time.

Reviewer: Remove this hard line wrap
